Add clarification regarding default values (#28224)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/index.md

- ❌ **DISALLOWED: Changing the default value of a property, field, or parameter**

>   Note that changing or removing a *parameter* default value is not a binary break. Removing a parameter default value is a source break and changing a parameter default value could result in a behavioral break after recompilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Changing or removing a *parameter* default value is not a binary break. Removing a parameter default value is a source break, and changing a parameter default value could result in a behavioral break after recompilation.
```

>   For this reason, removing parameter default values is considered acceptible from a compatibility perspective in the specific case of "moving" those default values to a new method overload in order to eliminate ambiguity. For example, if we have a method `Foo(int a = 1)` and we introduce an overload of `Foo` with 2 optional parameters `a` and `b`, we can preserve compatibility my moving `a`'s default value to the new overload leaving us with `Foo(int a)` and `Foo(int a = 1, int b = 2)`. This will allow `Foo()` to compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For this reason, removing parameter default values is acceptable in the specific case of "moving" those default values to a new method overload to eliminate ambiguity. For example, consider an existing method `MyMethod(int a = 1)`. If you introduce an overload of `MyMethod` with two optional parameters `a` and `b`, you can preserve compatibility by moving the default value of `a` to the new overload. Now the two overloads are `MyMethod(int a)` and `MyMethod(int a = 1, int b = 2)`. This pattern allows `MyMethod()` to compile.
```

Reviewer: We're discouraged from using "Foo" as a name.
